source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/rc.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/history.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/ps1.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/aliases.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/sudo.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/xbps.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/updt.py
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/runit.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/git.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/webdev.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/qmk.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/profile.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/rc.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/history.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/ps1.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/aliases.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/sudo.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/xbps.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/updt.py
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/runit.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/git.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/webdev.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/qmk.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/profile.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/rc.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/history.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/ps1.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/aliases.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/sudo.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/xbps.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/updt.py
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/runit.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/git.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/webdev.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/qmk.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/profile.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/rc.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/history.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/ps1.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/aliases.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/sudo.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/xbps.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/updt.py
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/runit.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/git.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/webdev.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/qmk.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/profile.bash
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/updt.py
source /home/raf/proj/unix-stuff/bash/scripts/updt.py
